Fix rebuild instructions for RGW deployment (#1711)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/node_management/Rebuild_NCNs/Re-add_Storage_Node_to_Ceph.md

>    chmod u+x /srv/cray/scripts/common/join_ceph_cluster.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ncn-s# chmod u+x /srv/cray/scripts/common/join_ceph_cluster.sh
```

   ```

> 1. In a separate window, log into one of the following `ncn-s00(1/2/3)` and execute the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a separate window, log into one of the first three storage nodes (`ncn-s001`, `ncn-s002`, or `ncn-s003`) and execute the following:
```

   ```bash

>    watch ceph -s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ncn-ms# watch ceph -s
```

**IMPORTANT:** Only do this if unable to wipe the node prior to rebuild.

> **NOTE:** The commands in the Zapping OSDs section will need to be run from a node running `ceph-mon`. Typically `ncn-s00(1/2/3)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** The commands in the Zapping OSDs section must be run on a node running `ceph-mon`. Typically these are `ncn-s001`, `ncn-s002`, and `ncn-s003`.
```

>    watch ceph -s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ncn-ms# watch ceph -s
```

   ```

>    The returned output will have the OSD count UP and IN counts increase. **If** the **IN** count increases but does not reflect the amount of drives being added back in, an administrator must fail over the `ceph-mgr` daemon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The returned output will have the OSD count `UP` and `IN` counts increase. **If** the `IN` count increases but does not reflect the amount of drives being added back in, an administrator must fail over the `ceph-mgr` daemon.
```

   This is a known bug and is addressed in newer releases.

   If necessary, fail over the `ceph-mgr` daemon with the following command:

   ```bash

>    ceph mgr fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ncn-s# ceph mgr fail
```

   ```

## Regenerate Rados-GW Load Balancer Configuration for the Rebuilt Nodes

**IMPORTANT:** `Rados-GW` by default is deployed to the first 3 storage nodes. This includes `HAproxy` and `Keepalived`.
This is automated as part of the install, but administrators may have to regenerate the configuration if they are not running on the first 3 storage nodes or all nodes.

1. Deploy Rados Gateway containers to the new nodes.

   - Configure Rados Gateway containers with the complete list of nodes it should be running on:

     ```bash

>      ceph orch apply rgw site1 zone1 --placement="<node1 node2 node3 node4 ... >"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ncn-s# ceph orch apply rgw site1 zone1 --placement="<node1 node2 node3 node4 ... >"
```

    Example output:

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```text
```

    NAME                             HOST      STATUS         REFRESHED  AGE  VERSION  IMAGE NAME                        IMAGE     D              CONTAINER ID
    rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s001.kvskqt  ncn-s001  running (41m)  6m ago     41m  15.2.8   registry.local/ceph/ceph:v15.2.8      553b0cb212c          6e323878db46
    rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s002.tisuez  ncn-s002  running (41m)  6m ago     41m  15.2.8   registry.local/ceph/ceph:v15.2.8      553b0cb212c          278830a273d3
    rgw.site1.zone1.ncn-s003.nnwuqy  ncn-s003  running (41m)  6m ago     41m  15.2.8   registry.local/ceph/ceph:v15.2.8           553b0cb212c      a9706e6d7a69
    ```

1. Add nodes into `HAproxy` and `KeepAlived`.

   ```bash

>    pdsh -w ncn-s00[1-(end node number)] -f 2 'source /srv/cray/scripts/metal/update_apparmor.sh ; reconfigure-apparmor; /srv/cray/scripts/metal/generate_haproxy_cfg.sh > /etc/haproxy/haproxy.cfg; systemctl enable haproxy.service; systemctl restart haproxy.service; /srv/cray/scripts/metal/generate_keepalived_conf.sh > /etc/keepalived/keepalived.conf; systemctl enable keepalived.service; systemctl restart keepalived.service'

Reviewer: Since the command is inside single quotes, we can use newlines here, making it more readable IMO. Since it's still a single copy-and-paste, the breaking it up into multiple lines like this doesn't make it harder on the user to perform.

```suggestion
   ncn-s# pdsh -w ncn-s00[1-(end node number)] -f 2 \
                   'source /srv/cray/scripts/metal/update_apparmor.sh
                    reconfigure-apparmor; /srv/cray/scripts/metal/generate_haproxy_cfg.sh > /etc/haproxy/haproxy.cfg
                    systemctl enable haproxy.service
                    systemctl restart haproxy.service
                    /srv/cray/scripts/metal/generate_keepalived_conf.sh > /etc/keepalived/keepalived.conf
                    systemctl enable keepalived.service
                    systemctl restart keepalived.service'
```

1. Add nodes into HAproxy and KeepAlived.

   ```bash

>    pdsh -w ncn-s00[1-(end node number)] -f 2 'source /srv/cray/scripts/metal/update_apparmor.sh ; reconfigure-apparmor; /srv/cray/scripts/metal/generate_haproxy_cfg.sh > /etc/haproxy/haproxy.cfg; systemctl enable haproxy.service; systemctl restart haproxy.service; /srv/cray/scripts/metal/generate_keepalived_conf.sh > /etc/keepalived/keepalived.conf; systemctl enable keepalived.service; systemctl restart keepalived.service'

Reviewer 2: Can the pdsh command update to hit all the storage nodes or is that not appropriate?

Author: yeah -- only the admin knows which nodes RGW should be deployed on...
